# DCOP-1.0-Software
DCOP User Guide
Click the “Keyword Search” button at the top of the page to select different search options for searching the database for OPCs. We recommend using SMILES search. Enter specific keywords, click “Search”, and the search results for that compound will be displayed, allowing you to view its property information and structure. Click the “Export to Excel” button to export the relevant information.
We have classified all OPCs in the database into eight categories based on their characteristic skeletal structures to facilitate users in directly downloading compounds of a specific structural category. Click the “OPCs Category” button at the top of the page to display the eight structural categories and the corresponding number of compounds. Click on a category of interest to view all compound information. Click the “Export to Excel” button to select and export a list of OPCs for a specific structural category.
Click on the “HPV-OPCs” button at the top of the page to view data on high production volume OPC chemicals as recognized by the European Chemicals Agency. Click on the “More Detail” column to view additional physical and chemical information notes for each chemical in PubChem.
Click the “MS/MS Search” button at the top of the page to view the basic information and characteristic tandem mass spectrometry fragment ions of 113 OPCs identified through manual screening in the LC-ESI(+)-Orbitrap-HRMS Full-Mass AIF scanning mode. Click the “Export selected items” button to selectively export the tandem mass spectrometry information of the OPCs of interest.
Click the “MS/MS Prediction” button in the top area of the page to enter the mass spectra prediction page, which predicts tandem mass spectra information based on the SMILES of compounds. It is divided into two modules: “Single prediction” and “Batch prediction”. Clicking the “Single prediction” button indicates processing of a single compound. Input the SMILES of the corresponding compound, click the “Predict” button to start prediction, and display the prediction results. Click the “Batch prediction” button to process compound data in batches. Click “Choose File” to select the CSV or Excel file you want to upload. Please note that the data file must include a SMILES column. Click “Upload File” to upload the selected file, and the message “Successfully uploaded 1 file!” will be displayed. Click the “Predict” button to start the prediction. When the prompt “The prediction has been completed. Predicted result have saved to result.csv” appears, it indicates that the MS/MS fragment predictions for all compounds have been completed.
After the “Batch prediction” function module completes its operation, it outputs a result.csv file, which is automatically saved in the path where the software installation is located. Each line in the output file represents a compound. In addition to the information contained in each column of the uploaded file, the “mz_x” column contains the mass-to-charge ratio of the predicted tandem mass spectrometry fragment ions, and the “intensity_x” column contains the corresponding normalized response intensity, where x=1-100, indicating that the Top 100 tandem mass spectrometry fragment ions are output in order of response intensity.
